adding doc for gitea-hydra exercise (#2123)
ory/hydra: docs/docs/guides/hydra-gitea-integration.mdx

explained in the [installation-guide](../install). You'll also need
[docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and
[docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

The [5-min-tutorial](../5min-tutorial) might be worth checking out upfront.
It'll a give a nice quick overview how OAuth2 is working within ORY Hydra with a
minimal example. We assume basic knowledge, here.

If you have not yet the source code of ORY Hydra, which we'll need for the
`docker-compose` yaml-files, clone the repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/ory/hydra.git
```

We will access GitLab via the url http://gitea.example.com. So we need to map
it to localhost. This is done by modifying the hosts-file. On an unixoid system
find this file in `/etc/hosts`, on windows, you should find it in
`c:\WINDOWS\system32\drivers\etc\hosts`. Add this line:

```
127.0.0.1 gitea.example.com
```

As this POC will work with http instead of https, we need to whitelist the above
domain-name to allow unencrypted http traffic. So add the following switch to
the services.hydra.command-section in the hydrastart.yml around line 24 so that
the line looks like this:

```

>     serve all --dangerous-allow-insecure-redirect-urls http://gitea.example.com:8000/users/auth/ORY_Hydra(whatever the name you give while registering oauth2 client in authsource)/callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Please note that the redirect URL listed here must contain the name you give while registering the OAuth2 Client in Gitea's AuthSource - in this example it is ORY_Hydra:
$ serve all --dangerous-allow-insecure-redirect-urls http://gitea.example.com:8000/users/auth/ORY_Hydra/callback
```

>     serve all --dangerous-allow-insecure-redirect-urls http://gitea.example.com:8000/users/auth/ORY_Hydra(whatever the name you give while registering oauth2 client in authsource)/callback

Reviewer 2: Doesn't this param require also `--dangerous-force-http` @dharmendrakariya ?

Reviewer: yes!

Author: @aeneasr hey , once you add this let me know if you want to add K8s stack with plain manifests or helm charts, I have prepared those exercises also. I think that will be excessive amount of info(docs) but just in case if we want to totally enrich the exercise in all way. This can be 'basic to know, how to integrate any third party application with ORY_Hydra' I guess in anyway.

Reviewer: I dropped working on this because it was too much work and is not high on my priority list. If you are working on a fully working tutorial to set this up we'd love to add that to the documentation!

Author: okay, will let you know!!

```

## Spin up the instances and logging in

Use this command to spinup the instances. This will show the logs on the
terminal and it will take some time.

```shell

> docker-compose -f hydrastart.yml \
>     -f hydrastart-postgres.yml   \
>     up --build

Reviewer: I think we could use the original Quickstart files here:

```suggestion
$ docker-compose -f quickstart.yml \
    -f quickstart-postgres.yml   \
    -f quickstart-gitea.yml   \ # <- this file only contains things for gitea and could overwrite some other variables of the other files if needed!
    up --build
```

```

After this suceeds, you can access the login page

> [sign-in-page](http://localhost:8000/users/sign_in). Don't try to login, yet, we

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `http://gitea.example.com:8000`?

have to create the client in ORY Hydra, first.

Note: we would like to use 127.0.0.1 instead of localhost as a hostname during the configuration in hydra. 

## Creating the client in ORY Hydra

Depending on whether you've the hydra-binary available, you can use it directly
or the one in the docker-container.

```shell
$ hydra clients create \
    --endpoint http://127.0.0.1:4445 \
    --id gitea-client \
    --secret secret \
    --grant-types authorization_code,refresh_token \
    --response-types code,id_token \
    --scope openid,offline \

>     --callbacks http://127.0.0.1:8000/user/oauth2/ORY_Hydra(auth source name you will create)/callback \

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `http://gitea.example.com:8000`?

    --token-endpoint-auth-method client_secret_post
```

Note: you can also use http://gitea.example.com:8000/users/auth/ORY_Hydra/callback

or you can use the binary within the docker-container:

```shell script
$ docker-compose -f hydrastart.yml exec hydra \
    hydra clients create \
    --endpoint http://127.0.0.1:4445 \
    --id gitea-client \
    --secret secret \
    --grant-types authorization_code,refresh_token \
    --response-types code,id_token \
    --scope openid,offline \

>     --callbacks http://127.0.0.1:8000/user/oauth2/ORY_Hydra(auth source name you will create)/callback \

Reviewer: Same question - shouldn't this be `http://gitea.example.com:8000`?

Author: Yes, I totally missed that and also I want to confess that, I created the doc with the help of hydra-gitlab exercise so its almost same( honestly, I copy pasted ) so here also we need to modify gitea instead of gitlab, my bad

line 31 "We will access GitLab via the url http://gitea.example.com. So we need to map
it to localhost. This is done by modifying the hosts-file. On an unixoid system"

Author: sorry for the re-work you have to go through but this was my first attempt to contribute in any open source and just like that I pulled a request, I hope you will make it correct and add it in the scope so in future people can learn and use it at ease.

Reviewer: Don't worry about it and thank you for the response. Sorry about my late response but I was very busy in the last week. So should I give this another pass for review or do you want to improve the work here further?

Author: Thank you for the response. Exercise from my side is completed. please pass it to the review panel or/and do the needful.
